It always smelled off to me.
How obsessed everyone was with filth and criminals and other contaminations.
Right up until they sent them to the pit.
Then all their concern would disappear.
Like they didn't care what happened after that.
Another tribe's fault dropped into the pit.
Why do they commit crimes if they know what's going to happen to them?
Don't waste your time trying to figure out why filth like that does anything.
They could at least try not to be so disgusting.
How long will it take to explain the truth?
How do they keep entscheidings coming from the back of the head?
What is happening until they find a way to handle the truth then?
The end.
No, people, we never make stuff forever!
For nothing!
Yeah!
Monday, Sunday
Replace our trash and drink
And you'll taste it
Hold me tight, watch me
Crushing through time
To the point of destruction
Goodbye, yes, indeed
I will blow it up
Flip me up again, revive me again
Tonight, again, for me
I will blow it up
What the hell are these things?
They're like giant piles of trash
But they're alive?
Screw you
You can't just throw me away
You can't just throw me away, you stupid assholes!
You stupid assholes!
Dammit
This place is nasty
The air's so bad it feels like knives in my lungs whenever I breathe
I survived the fall
So I'm not gonna let this hellhole kill me
There's gotta be somewhere in this mess I can hide
Unless there isn't
What if it's all dead and broken things down here?
What if there's nowhere safe in this messed up garbage heap of a world?
Really?
I'm just gonna die no matter what I do?
Rag-tube
Hell no.
Bring it.
I'm not going anywhere.
Not until they get what's coming to them.
All of them!
The people who saw me as trash.
The stupid pigs who decided I was a criminal.
The cowards who sent me to the pits.
But first, I'm coming after him.
The son of a bitch who killed Recto.
I'm gonna find that mask-wearing creep.
And beat his ass!
So there's no way I'm dying until I've made them all pay!
Huh.
What's that boy doing?
Is that the best you turds have got?
I'll beat the stink off all of you!
Come on!
It's worse than Recto's fart!
ESCAPE!
mzrék
Me.
H design
Timur
Sharp Guard
Storysteller
C เม смерische
Nasty.
What?
Who the hell is this guy?
Damn it! That hurt!
I can breathe.
A gas mask?
Thanks. So hey, are you from around here or something?
Is it like this everywhere?
What the hell was that giant trash monster?
Yeah...
If you can't even see...
You'd better come with me or you'll hurt yourself!
Wait a sec!
Ibert it's no use for me!
Cory, would you-
It's ouràng
Your hair!
For the record, we're above ground, idiot!
This place is one of the many toxic dumps you spherites created.
Which I would have told you eventually, but you couldn't zip your damn lips.
Now we got all hungry hungry coming for us.
That thing's a trash beast.
They're monsters made of trash.
Trash beasts.
How do we take one down?
Well, not with any ordinary weapon.
And in case it wasn't obvious yet, they react to sound!
That's why I was trying to keep my voice down.
Instead of barking my head off like a moron!
I know the trash beasts around here are exceptionally nasty,
and I wasn't feeling like tangling with them today.
So thanks for that, you mouthy ignorant little shit blossom!
You got me yelling, and I'm not a loud guy!
What the hell?
Man, it felt good to yell all that out.
Alrighty then, let's clean up this mess.
Chris Hunter?
These assholes aren't seems super
I don't know what they were able to do.
I guess we drew a crowd?
The armored napkin-
I forgot about this.
He cleared them out like it was nothing.
Is that umbrella some kind of pit tech?
Or did he do something to it?
If I had whatever he has, I'd make those assholes pay.
I'm Breaker.
Octoshredder.
Hey, kid.
Blink twice if you're dead.
Who or what the hell are you?
The name's Engine.
And I'm just a humble cleaner.
Why'd you make me take my mask off, asshole?
This air is way too nasty.
Oh, boy.
What happened, bud?
I got pushed.
Sorry about that.
So, those brats acting up again?
I told them that objects are alive.
Then they laughed and hit me.
And did you hit them back?
Good.
I just told them what you told me.
That if you take special care of something for long enough,
eventually a soul will come and live in it.
If something has a soul, that makes it a living thing to you, huh?
Sorry an old legend got you in trouble.
They're usually just stories that teach us lessons,
like the value of taking care of our stuff.
Pretty sure objects do have souls, though.
I mean, take this lovely towel, for instance.
I think it has a soul because of how it loves cleaning you up.
Really?
So that and that and that all have their own souls, too?
I think so.
Oh.
What about me?
I'm a little bit scared.
I'll take care of them.
I promise.
Wait.
What the hell is this?
Oh, hey.
Enjoy your nap?
What are you trying to do with me, shithead?
First, it's engine.
Second, that's not how you talk to someone who saved your life, brat.
Oh, you saved me?
Is that why you put me in chains? How messed up are you?
Just enough to bring along an unconscious stranger with me.
Let me go, you deranged asshole! I don't have time for this! I gotta get back up to the city!
Oh, yeah, sorry, that's not possible.
The place, the city, we call it the sphere.
And it never stays in one place for too long.
Also kinda hard to get to the sky from here.
There are other factors too, but I don't want to beat the point to death.
The lesson here is, hush up, because for now, you're stuck.
Screw your lesson, and screw your factors!
Nothing's gonna stop me from going back!
Besides, you said it yourself, I'm only stuck for now!
That means you know something, right?
Tell me, how do I get back up to the sphere?
Tell me everything! About this world, those monsters, and that weird power of yours!
I have to know! I need to know it all!
Because when I get back, I'm taking all the shit from this place and beating those shitheads to death!
And I'm not gonna shut up until you tell me what you know!
Man, when that mouth of yours gets going, it doesn't stop, does it?
If you're that desperate for an education, fine.
I'll show you the kind of place the ground is.
Hey! Hey!
Don't play games with me, asshole!
What the hell?
Good luck. And remember, learning's fun.
Wait, where are you going? You haven't told me anything yet!
Hey!
Seriously, what is that guy's damage?
People?
Is that a kid?
It is.
What's he doing here?
And wasn't there another guy?
No way. You don't think...
I mean, it can't be.
But then, what's with his clothes?
Hey, are you a spherite?
Huh?
Nah, we can't be sure of that.
You mind telling us where you came from?
Sure, I guess.
I fell from the place you guys call the sphere.
For real? You're a real spherite?
I've never seen one of you!
You were supposed to be alive before!
It's a miracle!
Cool. And you are?
Hold on, why would a spherite talk like us?
Yeah, I'm still not sure he's not a fake.
No. Look at his face. He's not lying to us.
Hands off!
So he's real.
He's alive. He's a real live spherite.
Hey, sorry. We just never find you guys alive.
What monster tied you up like that?
You must be really uncomfortable.
Here. Let me help you out.
What's the deal with that?
Huh? Man, why couldn't I have met these guys first?
There. Much more secure.
Don't want our precious spherite running away after he just got here.
What?
Sure took him a lot of wise up.
Don't damage the goods now.
Spherites fetch a high price.
Well, spherite bodies.
Eyes, fingers, limbs, even clothes too.
Some people will pay out the nose for them.
Spherites?
Still.
Wow. Never in a million years did I think we'd bag a live one.
Now I bet you're wondering, why'd anyone want a spherite, whole or otherwise?
It's because we despise you people.
All you do is dump your trash on us, and it just builds and builds, getting nastier and nastier, until it turns the air to poison.
It even creates monsters.
You're slaughtering us with your garbage.
It crushes us when it falls.
It poisons our soil, destroys our homes, makes killer beasts, and all we can do is just suffer and die.
So what do you think the people here will do once they know what you are?
Torture you?
Make a show of tearing you apart?
Hell, if that happens, we'll buy tickets with the money we make off ya.
There needs to be more of you before that happens.
Can't have you starving to death on us.
That's it. Come on, eat it all up.
Oh, I'm sorry. Is our local delicacy too upsetting to your sensitive tummy?
I bet you people never touch trash. You just drop it on us and forget about it.
Well, better late than never.
To be fair, that actually is food waste.
I've been lied. Gotta keep on living, little one. You've got a lot of suffering to experience.
So, you can't let anything go to waste.
No!
Oh!
Aaaaaah!
What the hell?
You call this waste? You guys don't know anything.
It's freakin' delicious.
Everywhere I go, it's the same.
You all yap about sphere this and ground that.
Or it's trash this and tribesfolk that.
Up here this!
Down here that!
Quit making up labels so you can have a reason to treat people like garbage!
I'm sick of people thinking they can tell me what I am.
I'm not gonna take it anymore.
That's what I call a show.
I'm gonna make you pay for what you've done.
Once again, my instincts were right on the money.
Take special care of something long enough, it'll gain a soul.
I like to think the soul appreciates that.
And it'll always have you back.
No way! There are spherites who can do that?
The brat can give life to objects and draw out their power. Just like us.
A giver.
Don't stand there!
Who cares if he's a giver? That spherite asshole's gotta pay!
Rip his head off! Cross his junk! Break every gift Bodhi's got!
Kill that little pest!
Don't go after him head on!
Get him away from the chain!
A giver can't do anything without their object.
Yes!
Oh, hell yeah!
Using multiple objects? Are you kidding me?
What the hell are you? No, no, stay away!
You shitty little spherite freak! Just die! Die like the monster you are!
Whoa there, boy. Easy, easy, easy, easy.
You're gonna get your revenge.
Easy, easy, easy. You made your point, okay?
Oh, um, engine?
Yes?
What did I just do?
How did I do that? I just remembered what Regto told me and then...
Was it my gloves?
And there's the backlash.
Yeah, that kind of power will do that.
But you'll be okay.
I'm sorry for abandoning you like a jerk, but I had to make sure that you were the real deal.
Congrats, you are.
And I've got a deal.
I can tell you everything.
And in exchange, you come work with us.
The Cleaners need exceptional people like you.
A team of finding that man is the major challenge for the D occasionally.
And you are major obviously so merciless and the team is dependent on you.
But, oh well.
tiles
and
of what
land
and
of what
land
to
just
Thank you.